OPSEXP-2149 Document recipe for quay.io image tag expire (#552)
Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools: docs/README.md

More docs on [using concurrency](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/using-concurrency)

### Expiring tags for quay.io images

It may be desirable to push docker images from branches to test them before

> merge but we should avoid to pollute image registry with tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
merge but we should avoid polluting the image registry with these tags.
```

> With quay.io it can be easily achievable by setting on the docker image the label:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With quay.io, this can be easily achieved by setting the following label on the docker image:
```

More docs on [using concurrency](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/using-concurrency)

### Expiring tags for quay.io images

It may be desirable to push docker images from branches to test them before
merge but we should avoid polluting the image registry with these tags.

With quay.io, this can be easily achieved by setting the following label on the
docker image like:

```properties
quay.expires-after=2w
```

For the supported time formats, please check the [RedHat official
documentation](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/it-it/red_hat_quay/3.2/html/use_red_hat_quay/working_with_tags#tag-expiration).

> An example step which compute the label could be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example step which computes the label could be:
```

```yml
- id: vars
  name: Compute Docker vars
  run: |
    if [[ "${{ github.ref_name }}" == "main" ]]; then
      echo "image_tag=latest" >> $GITHUB_OUTPUT
      echo "image_labels=" >> $GITHUB_OUTPUT
    else
      echo "image_tag=${GITHUB_REF_NAME//\//-}" >> $GITHUB_OUTPUT
      echo "image_labels=quay.expires-after=2w" >> $GITHUB_OUTPUT
    fi
```

> Then if you are using the `docker/build-push-action` action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, if you are using the `docker/build-push-action` action:
```
